hello and welcome to put a guy up around
seven the red bull air race world
championship Nick fellows and Frank the
stake bringing you the report of this
intriguing seventh round my first
question for you Frank a tough time out
there for Paul bottom in qualifying and
the point one round there has been an
over G pulled by Paul Bonham in front of
the Dom Lewis bridge here right behind
us and he pulled it much more than 0.6
seconds which is allowed and he point
more than 0.7 seconds for more than 12
GS very complex basically the situation
is there is a rule and as a matter of
fact I must say the rule should not be
there because speed should be consoled
by track design and entry speed but then
the really the going gets tough because
in the point 1 he only was trying to
find to fly as fast as possible together
one point but he made a mistake no point
at all and that basically meant there's
no chance on the world championship
title for poor bonham anymore he's left
the door wide open for Hannah stark and
Hannah Stark slammed it shut in great
style taking his second win of the
season nine championship points and
extended his lead I deserved win Frank
for you if you fly a trek record in the
finals you have a deserved win and I
must say it must go terribly wrong
farnaz ark to give away his very secure
position of being the new world champion
he's now nine points ahead of poor
Bonham but they will go to Perth to
battle it out for the 2008 world
championship title good to see Frank
Mike mangled and of course your great
friend Kirby Chambliss on the podium
today well it's fantastic to see they
have two Americans back on a podium I
must say that Kirby was not too fast in
the in his final run I expected him to
come in a bit quicker and but still
enough to be on a podium as well with
Mike mangled so a good challenge from
the Americans but today belongs to the
Austrian Hannah sock let's get a full
review of today's results confirmation
7th round of the tour goes to Hannah's
ark ahead of Kirby Chambliss in
runner-up spot mangled third then we see
Jones lamb goolian been eighth and
McClain even off taking the one
championship
in the point one round Bonham Rock
Mannon and Dell 10 11 and 12 the world
championship standings with just one
round left to go see Hannah sock Paul
nine points clear of Paul bana min
runner-up spot and ten points clear of
Kirby Chambliss now third then we see
mangled version a and Jones lam gullion
mcclain even off Rock Mannon and Dell
down in 12 so a fantastic seventh and
penultimate round here in Porto but
Frank we're now heading to Perth for the
finale of the season yep right below so
I think we'll see you down under from
Nick fellows in frankfu stay until the
finale in Perth on November the second
is goodbye for now